writing an ape. A format is definitely a skill. So this is something that
the way that you get better at it is you do it more so you practice
more. Um, there are some wonderful websites out there that can help
with AP style writing. One of my absolute favorites is the Purdue
Owl. They have a lot of tips and tricks, some really great videos.
Another resource to you, though, is your professors. Most of us air
trained to write in AP style, and we can help you and give you style
tips. My one piece of advice is that if you want a professor to look
over like a paper or something like that, give them as much time
as possible. So don't send it to them the day before it's due because
chances are they just will not have the time to look over your paper
and to give you help at that point. But if you can get it to them
a week before it's dio, you're much more likely to get some advice
from them.